fix(compiler)!: no way to detect if an interface implements a preflight class (#6197)
winglang/wing: docs/docs/03-language-reference.md

Interfaces represent a contract that a class must fulfill.
Interfaces are defined with the `interface` keyword.
Interfaces may be either preflight interfaces or inflight interfaces.
Preflight interfaces are defined in preflight scope and can contain both preflight and inflight methods.
Only preflight classes may implement preflight interfaces.
Inflight interfaces are either defined with the `inflight` modifier in preflight scope or simply defined in inflight scope.
All methods of inflight interfaces are implicitly inflight (no need to use the `inflight` keyword).

> Both preflight and inflight classes may implement an inflight interface.

Reviewer: The reason a preflight class can implement an inflight interface might not be obvious
```suggestion
Since both preflight and inflight classes can have inflight methods defined inside them, they are both capable of implementing inflight interfaces.
```
